Actually you don't have to eat like this
They're absolutely right.
I did it for the money.
For money
Now there is nothing better than a hero Loctite
Is more valuable
Anyway, I can only sit in this position for 3 years
Why do I
I'll ask for one more while he can still ask
point
Xia Ruyan, let's talk
I have nothing to talk about with you
Don't you want money?
Can you give me a billion dollars?
You don't really want to do it for love
Destroyed the entire Bai family
As long as you had the courage
You won't be the second death I feel
How dare you mock me?
Tell you I don't want to be with you
You don't have any qualifications either
Put away your little tricks
Entry is strictly a soft persimmon at the mercy of others